README.md, before:

# Javascript-WalletLink
 A pure javascript CDN accessable library for use Coinwallet SDK.  The build file found in the build folder will be able to by copied to your CDN that you choose or placed on the local server.  In javascript you can access the library with    const coinbaseWallet = new CoinbaseWalletSDK()   

 When coping the build folder, I recommend that a build number that matches the coinbaseWalletSDK such as 3.0.1/wallet-sdk-bundle.js  This will allow you to test different versions of the build before applying to production.

# Requirements
 NODE.js 
 Webpack

# Uppdate
 I delete the files in the build directory first

 npm upgrade

# Build

 npm run build


# Deploy
I then create a folder on my CDN /coinbase/{version}/ and then copy the files in the build directory wallet-sdk-bundle.js and the license file.  I set this to everyone read-only or whatever your cdn security requires.

Or create a folder on your server js then add the coinbase/{version}/and then copy the files in the build directory wallet-sdk-bundle.js and the license file. Be sure these files/folder are read only


# Example
The index.html in the example file shows how to access the library and how to start the coinbase Wallet SDK.  All other information about the usage is found https://github.com/coinbase/coinbase-wallet-sdk

Commit message:

fixed minor keyboard typing errors with double s

README.md, after:

# Javascript-WalletLink
 A pure javascript CDN accessable library for use Coinwallet SDK.  The build file found in the build folder will be able to by copied to your CDN that you choose or placed on the local server.  In javascript you can access the library with    const coinbaseWallet = new CoinbaseWalletSDK()   

 When coping the build folder, I recommend that a build number that matches the coinbaseWalletSDK such as 3.0.1/wallet-sdk-bundle.js  This will allow you to test different versions of the build before applying to production.

# Requirements
 NODE.js 
 Webpack

# Security Concerns
 In the src/app.js file there is only one line of code that is needed:

 import CoinbaseWalletSDK from '@coinbase/wallet-sdk'

 This will then expose the coinbasewalletsdk for pure javascript projects use the <script src="wallet-sdk-bundle.js"></script>   More details can be found in the example/index.html file

# Updating to new version of Coinbase wallet
 I check out https://github.com/coinbase/coinbase-wallet-sdk/tags and look at the new tag number

 If there is a new version that when I last built this project, I then delete the files in the build directory

 In the package.json file, I change the @coinbase/wallet-sdk": "^3.0.5" version number to match the current tag

 Then open a terminal mode and run the following command

 npm upgrade

# Build
 To actually build the file to use in pure javascript, then you must build the project with the following command

 npm run build

 after this command runs, there should be a file in the build/wallet-sdk-bundle.js and the license file

# Deploy
I then create a folder on my CDN /coinbase/{version}/ and then copy the files in the build directory wallet-sdk-bundle.js and the license file.  I set this to everyone read-only or whatever your cdn security requires.

Or create a folder on your server js then add the coinbase/{version}/and then copy the files in the build directory wallet-sdk-bundle.js and the license file. Be sure these files/folder are read only


# Example
The index.html in the example file shows how to access the library and how to start the coinbase Wallet SDK.  All other information about the usage is found https://github.com/coinbase/coinbase-wallet-sdk
